The Joe Rogan.
Experience. Okay. From 2009, um,
I would say 2009 was maybe when they had started having this one.
I have to remember where I was in life. I just moved to New York.
People were wearing, I don't know.
I had lived in Santa Fe and I was drinking a lot. So I definitely,
I quit drinking in 2009. I still never been start comedy.
Then Santa Fe was supposed to be a weird.
Place. That's where I met Tate Fletcher, hollow, caveman.
Coffee.
I met Tate and, uh, in Santa Fe,
he used to come in with a bunch of sober dudes after meeting.
I don't know if I'm supposed to say this, but whatever, he's pretty open,
but he, I mean, it was the truth. They were so annoying. I was like a drunk.
I was wasted at this cowboy bar to wear a cowboy outfit. You have to,
you have to do that's your uniform being a wagers is not humiliating enough.
You also have to.
Dress, just have a John Deere hat on.
No, you have to wear it.
You had to wear a cowboy hat and you had to have a shirt that had yolks on it.
If you worked there, if you worked there, not when you went in. Yeah,
that would be crazy.
But so table come in with a bunch of people and they just wouldn't order
alcohol. I mean, it was just like low sales high-maintenance I was like,
who is this guy? So big and ridiculous. And then I was talking to him.
I hadn't quit drinking. I didn't quit drinking till I moved out to Santa Fe,
but I told him I want to do comedy.
And he made them turn the karaoke night into a comedy show for me.
Yeah. And I guess that's the first time you ever went up. Wow.
Did you have things prepared? Yeah.
Yeah. And then, yeah. And then,
and then I moved to New York to do comedy and I was,
I crashed my Mo I had a little scooter, a Yamaha Zuma,
and I crashed because I would drive drunk all the time. I was my happy place.
Like to this day,
I really was honestly that feeling of like driving wasted on a scooter
was the wind blowing through air because you're not wearing a helmet.
The thing about them there's is you don't really think you can kill anybody
else. So it's not that bad. A drive drunk.
You can, you can get in the way of someone else. You can do anything.
I myself up so bad. I woke up, just had blacked out completely.
My face was split open. I had road rash all over my. This was father's day,
2008. You don't remember falling. I didn't all I remembered.
I just remembered like little pieces. I remembered that someone helped me.
I woke up, I was living at my friend's house. I woke up at the house.
He was staying at his girlfriend's house. So I was there alone,
but my chin was split open. I've been wearing a dress and it looked like I,
my throat had been slit.
Like there was just blood all the way down it road rash all over my,
all over this side of my arms, my knees, like, I just was up face planted,
just face split open. I just, I went,
I peeled out and like just went chin first and everything.
And then I remember that someone who didn't a girl that didn't like me had
helped me. That's all I could remember. It was someone who usually hated me,
helped me. Wow. And then, so I went out, I went to the hospital.
I called my roommate. He came back. Um, I went to the hospital,
they gave, I got nine stitches and I was still wasted. I,
I was still so hammered and the doctor kept going, were you drinking?
And I kept going just between us. And he's like, yeah, I went, Nope,
literally I'm gonna go to jail. Your. I was like, no, I just crashed my scooter.
It's crazy. He didn't know that I didn't wake up to drink through the pain. So,
um, so then I got the stitches and I was friends with all the cops in Santa Fe
because I was an alcoholic. So that's a really good plan.
You got to befriend them. So they don't arrest you. And, uh,
they had told me if they had caught me because I ended up finding my scooter on
the side of the road. My friend drove me around.
So I found out where I had peeled out.
And there was like a bunch of loose gravel. So I just peeled out on the gravel.
And the cops said that they would have arrested me for an accurate aggravated
DUI because I hurt myself. I had injured myself.
That's what an aggravated.
DUI. That's what they said back then. I mean, I was still wasted when they said.
That that's worse. Have you hurt yourself?
Yeah. Cause I had to go to the hospital and stuff. You would think.
You got a little punishment in there? Yeah.
Wow. So then I didn't learn the lesson.
I went out drinking that night with the stitches in my face and I had my line
was I would carry Neosporin around and ask guys if they wanted to rub Neosporin
on my. Like I almost lost a nipple. I mean, it got so close. Yeah.
I looked crazy, but I was a drunk. So I was like, whew, fun, girly.
And they used to call me fun girl, Andy, behind my back.
And I thought they were, I thought it was like a cool,
I didn't realize they're making fun of all cheese. So anyway, uh,
so then I went out that night and I saw this guy with a puppy and I started
playing with the puppy and I was like, oh, your puppy is so cute. And he goes,
do you not remember me? And I'm like, I've never met you before he goes,
last night, I helped you. You crashed your scooter. And I was like, oh.
And he's like, I ride a motorcycle.
So I didn't want to call the cops or anything.
Cause I know you would've gotten in trouble. And I was like, who helped me?
And he's like some girl. So then my friend called me. He's like,
my boss told me.
So it was my friend's boss from this hotel that I used to get wasted at.
He was the bartender.
So she hated me because I would just go get hammered at their nice
establishment.
Do you look back on those days with any fondness because you're sober now?
You're all.
Um, yeah, I mean, I think I have a wealth of stories.
I was a juvenile delinquent and I had so many childhood traumas and abuses and
weird things that happen.
I was running for my life in Jersey city when I was 15,
from like a fake modeling agent who was like a six foot eight drag queen named
mahogany running for my life, trying to hot a.
Long, I.
Just have a lot of stories.
That's not a story. You can brush what happened. You were 15. So.
I had gone to mahogany. Yeah. So I had gone to John Robert Powers,
modeling school, one of those like fake modeling schools.
And where you pay like 200 bucks and then make like a compilation headshots.
Yeah. You like go, they give you classes and modeling. Like,
that's a thing it's like you either like are weirdly weird looking alien,
hot and tall and skinny or not. Yeah. Or you're not, I mean,
I maybe could have done commercials or something. I was cute, but I, I,
I also had very low self. It was just such a weird,
it was such a weird thing to be doing. So, um,
and I'd been a tomboy up until that point. So we go,
I go to this modeling thing and then we went to paid more money to
go to like a modeling convention.
And then they had actual modeling agencies and then they had just random people
that I guess paid to be there.
So mahogany was one of them and my mom's like super liberal.
And so she likes anything.
That's like a little on the fringe that she could brag about it or book club or
whatever. If that sounds like I'm angry, I'm not angry. I've forgiven my mother.
But, um, so they ended up, they were like,
we want to take your daughter for two weeks and we'll send her out on auditions
and stuff over spring break. And we have this nice place in Jersey. Teen.
Yeah. Your mom,
let mahogany take you for so many more stories, Joe.
Jesus Christ. Yeah, no, there was,
my mother did not have anything bad happened to her when she was growing up,
she was adopted by a very nice family.
And she went to a nice boarding school and stuff and nothing happened to her.
She read the newspaper, she didn't read the newspaper. I don't think much.
So she, it just, she didn't, she wasn't aware.
So anyway, so then, okay. So I was,
I went to this place in Jersey city and Jersey city. I don't know how it is now,
but it was crazy back then. It's still. It was crazy.
So we were in this one,
a little condo and it was mahogany.
And then there was like some other people that were there.
None of us were really that. I mean, I probably was like the hottest,
but I was pretty raw. I mean, I don't know. I think I was cute.
I don't think I was like, uh, I don't think I was a model. And uh,
I don't think that was my future. Maybe I could have done something, but, um,
the only person that I had really bonded with was this 23 year old guy, Chris,
who was this black guy from, I dunno where he was from, but he was really cool.
He was really nice. And he was a little creepy.
Like he would say things like if I was your age,
but he never was trying to me or anything, but he kind of was protecting me.
And at some point mahogany got mad and there was, it was fake. Like I just,
he would make me go buy him weed on the corner and stuff.
And it's just a fake thing.
My parents paid like $1,500 to send me to this thing. And he would,
I think he sent me out to be a,
I had to go into New York by myself on the train at 15,
wearing the sluttiest clothes ever to this thing to, and then he would tell me,
pretend you're lying.
Say you're 21 to be an extra on like sex in the city and stuff.
It just wasn't real. There was nothing real about, it was a total scam.
So I was starting to catch on to that.
And I was supposed to be there for maybe 10 days, I think. And they,
these next door, neighbors, shorty, this little Puerto Rican lady, I don't,
she was a girl. I smoked blunts with her. But um, so this guy,
Chris was kind of protecting me and he would go into the city with me.
And then all of a sudden mahogany didn't like how close we were.
So he separated us and he said, you can't see each other anymore.
And I was like, well, I don't feel safe if I can't talk to this guy,
I just would rather go home. I want to call my parents.
I don't think this is real. This seems like and a scam. And he was like,
you talk to your parents and he locked the door and took the phone away from me.
So I packed all my up and I throw it out the window and I yelled down to shorty.
I was like, yo, I'm going to run. So grabbed my. And then the guy,
one of the other kids that was staying at the modeling place knew the situation.
So he went down and bumped into the door,
unlocked it without him noticing and distracted him.
And I just jetted out of the house. And he started chasing me.
I was like screaming. I was like, call the cops, help me, help me.
And I was wearing a tube top, my like 15 year old.
I had nipple rings were like hanging out. I mean, I looked like a prostitute.
The cops ended up coming and they thought it was a prostitute. Mahogany got me.
At one point I was hiding under cars for my life.
Like I thought I was going to get killed. I was like screaming.
People were just watering their plants. Like what the? And the Lakers? Yeah.
Cause he was chasing me. So I was trying to hide. And he finally got me.
He was like, get in the hat. Like you're ruining my scam pretty much.
And then he scratched my arm, but that's all.
And then the cops came and arrested.
Both of us thought he was my pimp thought I was a prostitute.
I come from like a whew, like, uh, when he came home, um,
well they came to the cops and then the cops told them that they should arrest
my parents. Yeah. They're like we should.
And I think they just were in denial about it or whatever.
For a day, at least. Yeah.
They didn't. And then more stuff happened after that. They'd made.
More mistakes.
Yeah. But it's okay. We all make mistakes. I love my family. They're good now.
But I also look at all these things. No,
I really like have had to do a lot of work on it because to forgive them. Yeah.
Because, well, I blame myself for all of it, for most of it,
which was my defense mechanism. Like the stuff I had,
some stuff happen with a teacher in high school,
Tim right after that actually was about six months after that happened. And uh,
you know, what was a therapy session? I don't want to do a therapy session.
I don't want to do that. But anyway, you had asked me about,
am I happy about these things? And so the point that I'm coming to,
but the point that I'm coming to is I am happy with them.
I'm so happy with like where my life is now that I can't be mad about any of
these other things. Do you know what I mean? Like they're,
they're like exciting and now they're funny. Cause I didn't get heard.
That's what.
I'm saying. Like looking back on the.
Whole.
Yes. Yeah. There's some crazy to some romance to it. If you're saying.
I flashed a chain gang one, so my motor scooter, and then it didn't start.
And I had to like put my shirt down and keep walking. Like it's hilarious.
It did crazy. And I came out like genuinely, I feel good. You know,
I'm happy with my.